IAM role permissions, addition to existing documentation (#3253)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Added further instructions abuout the permissions for the IAM role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced instructions about the permissions for the IAM role
```
